Privacy Policy

SaveVideoNoWatermark operates the SaveVideoNoWatermark mobile application (the "App"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our App and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the App. By using the App, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection and Use
We do not collect any personally identifiable information from you when you use the App. However, the App may use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Links to Other Sites
The App may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Google AdMob
The App uses Google AdMob for serving advertisements. AdMob is provided by Google Inc. AdMob may use personal data for targeting and displaying personalized ads to users. AdMob may collect information about your device and its usage, including but not limited to your IP address, device identifiers, application usage data, and other non-personally identifiable information.

For more information on how Google uses your data when you use our App and how to control the information collected by Google, please refer to Google's Privacy Policy: Google Privacy Policy.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at gulomovmazizullo@gmail.com.

By using the App, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
